(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(mysterious music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live...
the Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the other
Digi-destined children
mysteriously found
themselves here
from the human world.
Upon arrival, they met the
Digimon that would soon become
their dependable
Digimon partners.
Working together, they are
now on a life changing journey
to save The Digital
World and their own.
Along the way to find
the Celestial Digimon,
the key to saving the world,
the ancient Digimon history
gradually becomes clear.
The bringer of
destruction and darkness
known as Milleniummon
plots his return.
This remaining evil
soul of his lingers on
and stimulates violent Digimon
in order to make them digivolve.
In hopes of using them in
order to create a new body
in which he can be reborn again.
-(dramatic music)
-(characters burbling)
To prevent Milleniummon's
resurrection,
the Digi-destined headed
toward the Sealed Grounds.
Just when their journey
was about to end,
a terrible situation began
to unfold before them.
-(notification chimes)
-[Izzy] Huh?
Come here, you guys.
(Tai and Matt gasping)
(group chuckling)
[Leomon] Long time
no see, children.
[Tai] (chuckles) Leomon!
[Matt] You're alive.
Yes, and my comrades
are as well.
We're all fine.
(group sighs and giggles)
Eldoradimon is safe too.
[Mimi] Oh, I'm so
glad to hear that.
[Leomon] Somehow or another,
we were able to make
it through that storm.
Soon after, this castle emerged.
[Mimi] A castle?
[Leomon] We're using
the system inside
to communicate right now.
[Joe] What do you
mean a castle emerged?
This castle must also be a
part of Eldoradimon's body.
So as his wounds heal, the
body will slowly return
to its normal state.
Lopmon's there too!
[Leomon] Yes, we came across
Lopmon during our journey,
and he told us many stories.
What about all the Woodmon?
Everyone is being
well cared for here.
More importantly, you all
must be getting close.
(Tai grunts affirmatively)
(mysterious music)
Heads up, guys.
Yeah. I sense it.
[Tentomon] He sure is
intense. (chuckles nervously)
[Biyomon] It's not
a very good feeling.
[Gatomon] Oh man.
You're not kidding.
I'm getting the chills all over.
[Patamon] Gatomon.
[Gatomon] It looks different,
but there's no question.
This is it. We made it.
The sealed grounds.
It must be hidden
somewhere nearby.
The shard that will be the
key to Milleniummon's revival.
(mysterious music)
(eerie shrieks)
(Kari gasps)
(Komondomon whimpering)
You have to hurry.
If you cannot stop it
then Milleniummon's
resurrection will-
-(connection distorts)
-(Izzy gasps)
-(suspenseful music)
-(children panting)
[TK] Guys, look.
[Matt] You're joking.
[Tai] (gasps) The
Cloud Continent.
(suspenseful music ends)
(electronic chittering)
Heed my words! All is under
the will of Milleniummon.
That's Vademon!
The ones who are trying
to bring Milleniummon
back into this world!
They're also responsible
for... (grunts)
Gatomon...
-(eerie music)
-(Kari gasps)
[Vademon] At last, it
seems we've reached
the final stage of our plan.
Hurry, Komondomon,
you have to stop!
-(Komondomon groaning)
-(group screaming)
(charge building)
(explosion surging)
(group screaming)
(light zapping)
(Tai groaning)
(dramatic music)
(footsteps pounding)
Ready, Tai?
(Tai grunts affirmatively)
Agumon digivolve to!
-(dramatic music)
-(lights blasting)
Greymon!
(dramatic music continues)
(creatures groaning)
(Tai groaning)
Is that a Digimon?
What's going on?
What you are seeing is the
result of the accumulation
of countless Digimon data.
Who is the strongest
Digimon you ask?
Look no further.
We present you with an answer.
-(dramatic music)
-(Tai gulps)
Behold Machinedramon!
(footsteps pounding)
Greymon...
[Greymon] I know we've
gotta stop this thing
no matter what it takes.
(suspenseful music)
(blasters charging)
(Ikkakumon grunts)
[Togemon] Togemon
digivolve to...
Lillymon!
(flower blasting)
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon
digivolve to...
Zudomon! (grunts)
Greymon digivolve to...
(light blasts)
[MetalGreymon]
MetalGreymon! Giga Storm!
-(blasters zapping)
-(suspenseful music)
[Gatomon] Kari.
(Kari gasping)
(lights chiming)
(children whimpering)
(blasters zapping)
(dramatic music)
-(creatures grunting)
-(blasts firing)
[Garudamon] Are you okay?
[MetalGreymon] I'll manage.
-Careful.
-Yeah.
-(dramatic music)
-(blasters zapping)
(footsteps pounding)
(creature groaning)
[Vademon] Of all the
countless data accumulated
within Sakkakumon, what
Milleniummon showed
the most interest in by far
was none other than the power
of those who destroyed the
Milleniummon of the past.
Machinedramon was constructed
from start to finish
with that data as
his core foundation.
Milleniummon wants
nothing more than for you
to show the true
extent of your power.
More, show us more.
(mysterious music)
(lights zapping)
(vibrant music)
(suspenseful music)
[Leomon] Everyone,
evacuate Eldoradimon!
(group crying and groaning)
[Lopmon] What's going on
with the Cloud Continent?
Could it be?
(dramatic music)
-(light zapping)
-(Cloud Continent rumbling)
(suspenseful music)
He shot at the Cloud
Continent earlier too.
What are they planning here?
It's just a theory,
but it may be tied to
Milleniummon's resurrection.
Well, resurrection or not,
there are still a ton of
Digimon in danger up there.
Then let's destroy
those cannons first.
[Weregarurumon] Gladly.
(lights charging)
(flower twinkling)
(suspenseful music)
(blasters firing)
(characters groaning)
(suspenseful music)
(sword smashes)
Woo-hoo!
(grunts) thanks,
Komondomon. Nice save.
Hang in there, Tentomon.
(Tentomon groaning)
Hang in there.
[Joe] Gomamon.
-(suspenseful music)
-(Kari gasping)
Heaven's Charm!
(light tinkling)
(blast exploding)
(Komondomon barks)
(tail creaking)
(Garudamon groans)
(lights chittering)
(blasters charging)
Again! Let's go, MetalGreymon!
Now Weregarurumon!
-(suspenseful music)
-(lights charging)
(lights blasting)
MetalGreymon digivolve to!
-(suspenseful music)
-(lights blasting)
(roaring) WarGreymon!
-(suspenseful music)
-(techno chords)
Weregarurumon digivolve to!
-(lights blasting)
-(blows crashing)
(dramatic music)
(blades clashing)
Metalgarurumon!
(dramatic music)
(battlers grunting)
(lights exploding)
(dramatic music continues)
Terra Force!
(blaster zapping)
(dramatic music continues)
(blast zapping)
(ice crumbling)
(tail tingling)
(Komondomon whimpering)
[Sora] Tai, WarGreymon.
(blaster zapping)
(Sora whimpers)
(blasters firing)
(fireball explodes)
(Sora gasping)
(mystical music)
(chargers pulsing)
[WarGreymon] This power,
what is this?
(blaster firing)
(Kari gasping)
[Angewomon] Kari.
(blaster firing)
(blast exploding)
This feeling, it's
the same as before.
The power of the
Celestial Digimon...
(mystical whooshing)
(Tai grunts)
(dramatic music)
Everyone...
Big brother.
[Tai] Our goal remains the
same, to find Milleniummon
and prevent his
resurrection at all costs.
Honestly, I don't
know what might happen
if we lose to Machinedramon,
which is exactly why
we can't afford to wait
around and find out.
The time when we'll really need
the Celestial Digimon's powers
must still be in the future.
So that's why WarGreymon and
I will put an end to this!
Yeah, right.
Do you really expect us
to just leave you behind?
Matt...
I leave the rest to you.
(dramatic music)
[Matt] Come back safe.
But if you don't,
you have my word.
[Tai] Glad to hear it,
and you have my word
that I'll come back victorious.
(Kari gasps)
(dramatic music)
-(energetic music)
-(Tai roaring)
(blasters firing)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(screaming) Let's go!
No backing down!
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
I swear we'll win,
no matter what!
[WarGreymon] Yeah, and
we'll stay true to our word.
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(WarGreymon and Tai screaming)
(blasters firing)
(blows crashing)
(tail crackling)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(tail breaks)
(punches smashing)
(battlers groaning)
WarGreymon!
[WarGreymon] This is nothing.
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(light explodes)
(WarGreymon grunting)
(blasts erupting)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(battler crumbling)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(blasters charging)
(ground rumbling)
(dramatic music)
(battlers roaring)
(blaster zapping)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(blasts firing)
(lights zapping)
(roaring)
(Machinedramon crashes)
-(WarGreymon groaning)
-(Tai gasping)
(ominous music)
[Vademon] Machinedramon
final phase initiating.
Force activate.
(timer beeping)
Power reactor, switching
to overload mode.
(reactor blaring)
This is...
(light shrieking)
(explosion reverberating)
(group gasps)
Was that Tai?
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
Encyclopedia is Petaldramon.
Petaldramon is a super enormous
Digimon covered in plants.
Almost like a walking forest!
(electronics pulsing)
Now check out this fun fact!
This Digimon
resembles the axolotl
which was an animal
popular in the 1980s.
I wonder if all the
plants would be crushed
if Petaldramon rolled over.
Wait, now I'm worried!
-(electronics beeping)
-(dramatic music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(dramatic music)
[Narrator] The time draws near.
Can the children
overcome their sorrow
and prevent Milleniummon's
resurrection?
Next time: The God of Evil
Descends, Milleniummon.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.